Add views (#275)
axiomhq/docs: query-data/datasets.mdx

Map fields are a special type of field that can hold a collection of nested key-value pairs within a single field. You can think of the content of a map field as a JSON object. The Dataset tab enables you to create map fields, and view unused and removed map fields. For more information, see [Map fields](/apl/data-types/map-fields#create-map-fields).

## Views

> Views allow you to grant other users scoped access to your datasets. This means that instead of sharing the whole dataset with other users, you have the option to share only a filtered and transformed representation of the data. You define a view using a query that applies filters and transformations to your dataset, and then you only share the results of this query with another user.

Reviewer: I think this describes one use case for Views, but [there are certainly others](https://www.notion.so/axiomhq/Views-06f0d9bfc0ab4f89bd3393b6db265088). The goal of the suggestion below is to describe the functionality at a high level, in a way that's relevant for all the use cases we have in mind. Very open to other ways of approaching this.

```suggestion
Views allow you to apply commonly-used filters and transformations to your dataset, and to treat the resulting output like you would any other dataset. The concept of a View in Axiom is similar to the concept of a virtual table in a database.
```

### Create view

1. Select a dataset.
1. In the top right of the **Views** section, click **+ Create view**.
1. Create the query using the [visual query builder](/query-data/explore#create-a-query-using-the-visual-query-builder) or the [Axiom Processing Language (APL)](/query-data/explore#create-a-query-using-apl).
1. Below the query, check the preview of the events and the fields that your query returns.
1. Name the view and optionally add a description.
1. Click **Create view**.

### Display view

1. Select a dataset.

> 1. In the **Views** section on the right, click the view you want to display.

Reviewer: I'm not sure this section is of much value

### Grant access to view

To grant other users access to a view:

1. Click <img src="/doc-assets/icons/settings.svg" className="inline-icon" alt="Settings icon" /> **Settings > Roles**.
1. Click the role with which you want to share the view or create a new role.
1. In the **Organization** section, enable read access to views.
1. In the **Individual datasets** section, click **Add dataset**. 
1. Start typing the name of the view. In the list, find the view that you want to share, and then click **Add**.
    <Note>
        It’s enough to grant access to the view. You don’t need to grant access to the underlying dataset.
    </Note>
1. Click **Save**.

> 

Reviewer: Similar the comment above, I think this is focussing too much on a particular use case of views.
